feat(changelog): public-gateways-changed-new-public-gateway-api-v2 2025-04-08 (#4806)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2025/2025-04-08-public-gateways-changed-new-public-gateway-api-v2.mdx

---
title: New Public Gateway API v2
status: changed
date: 2025-04-08
category: network
product: public-gateways
---

> We've just released a new Public Gateway API v2, which comes with a new SSH Bastion security feature. This version also removes some old DHCP features that are now managed by the IPAM and the built-in DHCP of the Private Networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have released a new Public Gateway API v2 with a new SSH Bastion security feature. This version also removes some old DHCP features that are now managed by the IPAM and the built-in DHCP of the Private Networks.
```

> We have released a new Public Gateway API v2, which comes with a new security feature for SSH bastion: [Allowed IPs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/public-gateways/concepts/#allowed-ips). This version also removes some old DHCP features that are now managed by the IPAM and the built-in DHCP of the Private Networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have released a new [Public Gateways API v2](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/public-gateway/), which comes with a new security feature for SSH bastion: [Allowed IPs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/public-gateways/concepts/#allowed-ips). This version also removes some old DHCP features that are now managed by the IPAM and the built-in DHCP of the Private Networks.
```

The API v1 is now deprecated and will be definitively removed by October 1, 2025. Public Gateways users are encouraged to migrate to the API v2.

> A comprehensive detailed documentation is available here: https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/public-gateways/reference-content/understanding-v2/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more in our detailed documentation.](/public-gateways/reference-content/understanding-v2/)
```
